[Revolutionary Love]
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 6]
You know these cleaners...
The image of them eating meals with us?
Fine!
I don't think it's right to
discriminate either.
- But, you know...
- Yes?
It's only hard at the beginning.
Once you allow just one thing...
there are so many problems that follow.
You are correct... so right.
Have a drink. Have a drink.
Will they be satisfied with
eating meals there?
- CEO Min.
- Yes?
You know how it is.
They'll ask for days off, bonuses,
break rooms, this, and that.
They'll make requests for all of that
and it'll be such a pain for me.
We can't allow that to happen.
That cannot happen.
So, CEO Min.
You need to hire the right
people to begin with.
What if young people get together
and form a labor union?
Ah, yes.
I love you.
Joon.
You... why are you here?
How? Why? Why? Why?
Don't you remember last night?
Last night?
You need to take
responsibility for me now.
Why do I have to do that?
Why do I have to take responsibility?
What... what did I do?
Don't you remember
what you said to me last night?
What did I say?
Beep, beep, beep, beep.
What is that?
Come on now.
You know.
- I don't know.
- Beep, beep, beep, beep.
Beep, beep, beep, beep.
This isn't right.
No.
Get away. Get away!
Seriously, I don't know.
I'm going insane.
Oh, I must be crazy!
I love you. I love you. I love you.
Ah, I'm crazy. I'm crazy.
Joon!
What are you doing here?
You slept in so I came to wake you.
That's what I'm saying.
What?
Well, you know.
I don't know. I'm late.
Wait for me!
I'm crazy, so crazy.
I don't know.
Joon!
What's with her?
Must be because she's late.
These are yours.
Get it together.
Joon, wait for me!
- Joon.
- Huh?
Are you sick or something?
You don't look so good.
Ah, no. It's nothing.
Sorry.
Is it a cold?
Gosh, drive carefully.
- Hold on, Joon.
- Huh?
What.. what are you doing?
I think you have a fever.
A fever?
I'm totally okay.
Oh, we're here.
Let's get out.
What a terrible driver!
Joon.
Why aren't they here?
Someone's here, someone's here.
Why is that guy here?
He isn't the CEO
of this cleaning company, is he?
I heard from the section chief that
an unfortunate event occurred yesterday.
When one or two muddy the waters and
our clients start to become unhappy
they will not re-sign
their contract with us.
Hey, why do you have come
into the same one as me?
Are you all right?
You don't look so well.
How could you all protest
in front of the company employees?
What if your actions cause
Gangsu Group to terminate the contract?
That means all of you
here will get fired.
It will only cause pain for all of you.
I won't make this long.
Who is the person
who caused the problem yesterday?
Step forward.
I want the leader to come out!
We're sorry we're late.
What do we do?
Wait.
What's with you two?
You...
They are the ones who didn't
know their place yesterday.
What? The chairman's second son?
What is the meaning of this?
Is this a test from Gangsu Group with
the upcoming contract renewal?
Well, I never received any such orders.
What's going on?
Oh, Chief!
I'm glad you're here.
What's the problem?
Ah, well to be honest...
I should've introduced myself earlier.
I am CEO Min Sang Ho
of Hangang Services.
Yes. It's an honor.
The thing is, Sir...
Don't worry about it
too much. Go on as usual.
Yes, I will.
Regarding any issues
caused by Mister Byun Hyuk
I'll do what I can to handle
the public opinion.
All you need to do is say the word.
What do you mean handle public opinion?
Are you implying this
is all a show for the public?
Pardon? Of course, not.
That wasn't my intent at all.
He won't need special
treatment as the employer's son.
Treat Hyuk like any other employee.
The same?
Yes, the same.
The same without any special treatment.
If I hear that he's getting
special "Golden Spoon" treatment
I won't stand for it.
Do you understand my meaning?
Yes, I understand your meaning.
It would be an honor if I could
meet with you another time.
Yeah.
Push, pop, push, pop, push, pop.
Joon, did you see?
Today is all clear!
Flush, flush!
You did well.
Can you come out for a bit?
Gosh, seriously.
Are the facilities managers
doing their jobs or not?
They should figure out
the source of the problem and fix it.
Is it the toilet or the drain?
Don't you agree, Joon?
That's how management usually is.
Rather than taking countermeasures,
they work harder on the aftermath.
That includes your older brother.
Come on, Joon.
Including my brother
in that group is upsetting to me.
My older brother
isn't that kind of person.
You trust your brother that much?
Of course. I may not trust my father.
I can trust my brother though.
Even if everyone turns on me,
he will be on my side until the end.
Yeah? Really?
Of course, really.
That's a relief if it's true.
Joon, Mister Byun.
- Come have some coffee.
- Okay.
- Come on.
Her nuance makes me feel uneasy.
Joon!
What should I do with them?
What are you conflicted about?
He said don't treat them any differently.
Ah, I see. I understand.
I'll fire them all today.
No need to do that and
make things noisy.
- What?
- Make them quit on their own.
You can do that, right?
Ah... yes. I can.
I understand.
Do you have a list of the VJs
who do eating programs?
Yes, about 100.
What about magazine
editors and reporters?
Yes, we're waiting to hear from them.
Oh, it'll resolve itself
if you wait, won't it?
Call them yourself
and check. Hurry it up.
Yes, Section Chief.
We don't have much time until
the event, so be on your toes.
- Yes, I understand.
- Yes.
Also, Section Chief Kwon.
Yes?
For the sampling event of
the new food product...
Section Chief Kwon,
you can plan the entire thing.
Me?
Yes, I'm talking about you.
Take charge and plan
the event so that it's a success.
Yes, I'll work hard.
Don't work hard.
You need to do it well.
[Father]
Yes, Managing Director.
I did as you told me.
[Employee Profile]
[Kwon Jae Hoon]
Oh, Jae Hoon.
Sorry to call when you're busy.
What is it?
Well, the thing is...
I came to see Hyuk, Section Chief Kwon.
I heard he had an odd job here,
so I came to see for myself.
Where is my Hyuk?
Hm?
Where is he?
What is this?
Why are we suddenly in charge of this?
People's jobs can change
depending on the situation.
Why are you arguing about it?
Did CEO Min tell you to do this?
Well, who told you to go
eat in the employee cafeteria?
You're telling me this is
because we ate in the cafeteria?
So, is CEO Min is giving us
a taste of our own medicine?
Forget it.
You are all in charge
of this today, so just know that.
It's no fun if you walk off on the job.
You know the terms
of your contract very well.
So, you shouldn't need
much explanation, right?
That guy...
What is so wrong
about eating in the cafeteria?
Does this make sense?
Seems like this is about Mister Byun.
He's getting revenge
for the brick on his head, right?
Still, he is the chairman's
son. I doubt it.
My goodness.
By the way, where is Mister Byun?
You're right.
They took him somewhere else.
I don't see him at all.
What? Mister... Mister Byun Hyuk?
Yes, his mother is looking for him.
Where is Hyuk now?
Ah, wait... wait... wait a moment.
Yes, Manager Jung.
It's me, Section Chief Gong.
Yes, about Mister... Mister Byun Hyuk.
Yes, yes. The chairman's second son.
Can you get him over here now?
Oh, about that...
I received orders that I shouldn't treat
him special as the employer's son.
Where is he right now?
What? What did you say?
Where?
Ah... ah.
What is it? Section Chief Gong!
What... what are we to do?
What?
Oh, Mom!
Oh... oh my, oh my, oh my!
Oh my, oh my, oh my!
Hyuk!
Oh my, oh my! Oh my, hey. Oh my!
Get down.
Mom, I'm flying.
No, no. Don't do that. Get down.
Oh no! No!
Hey!
No, no Hyuk! Get down. Get down!
No, no! You can't do that! No!
Stop that. Stop that and come down!
Honey!
Honey, honey, honey!
What brings you here?
What do you mean?
How could say such a thing like
nothing's going on?
Are you this calm knowing what our
Hyuk is doing right now?
He's probably cleaning something.
It's not just regular cleaning!
He's working hard at his job.
Don't sway him and weaken him.
Because you always protect him...
Hyuk has always been weak.
Weak?
Is that why you hung Hyuk
out there like that?
Hung him out? What are you talking about?
Dad! Dad!
Oh! He's cleaning the exterior today.
This kid is tougher than I thought.
Father!
Yeah.
My goodness.
How can you say that after seeing him?
What if there's an accident
while he's out there?
Gangsu!
Keep it up.
What is our Hyuk going to do?
I'm going to go insane!
Find out who it is right now.
Find out right now who put my child
on that dangerous thing.
Picture.
- Gangsu!
- I like it.
Honey!
One, two, three.
Stay still.
What? Cleaning the exterior?
Must you guys do
dangerous things like that?
That man, CEO Min, is crazy.
CEO Min?
What are you talking about?
Hey, explain to me what's going on.
And where are you right now?
You don't need to know.
I'll figure it out.
- Joon.
- I have to hang up.
CEO Min?
Joon, are you okay?
Your cough doesn't sound good.
It's okay, just a passing cold.
Who was that on the phone?
Apparently, Hyuk is cleaning
the exterior of the building.
- What?
The exterior of the building?
I think I need to go
upstairs for a moment.
We were told to stay put.
Do you think it'll be okay?
Isn't cleaning the exterior
of the building a bit severe?
All right, we'll finish up here.
Go on upstairs.
I'm sorry. I'll be right back.
Sorry.
Is the manager crazy?
What's he thinking putting a kid
with no experience out there?
Seriously now.
I feel queasy.
I like land. I missed you.
Quit now if you can't do it.
Who said I can't do it?
But, how can you give
that dangerous job to a beginner?
What if there was an accident?
Do you think I enjoy
doing this to you people?
I have a son and daughter too.
Do you think I enjoy harassing you?
The higher-ups are
ordering it. What can I do?
Do I have any power?
So, can you all stop bothering me?
Just quit on your own.
If you two quit...
I'll put Mister Lee, Mister Kim, and
Madam Ahn back in their old places.
Don't hold out and make others suffer.
Think it over.
Get downstairs now!
I told you not to leave your work.
What a load of crap.
Do you trust your brother that much?
Don't you know facilities management is
managed by management and administration?
The highest person there
is your older brother.
The higher-ups are
ordering it. What can I do?
Do I have any power?
Hyuk.
You were there?
How could a father do that?
Is he only my son? It's his son too.
How absurd.
Oh, my Hyuk!
Ta-da.
I rode a gondola.
At first, it was very scary.
After I was on it for five minutes,
I thought, "Oh, it's not bad."
I was actually well-suited for it.
I'm actually into extreme things.
I really like bungee
jumping and skydiving.
So, let's not quit for them.
If we quit like they want us to,
how should I put it...
Um...
It would be shameful.
That's right! Also...
How should I put it? It's kind of...
It feels like we'd be giving into
something unjust, so you're angry?
Yes, that's exactly it!
Joon, you always know how I feel.
Oh, how unusual.
You have that kind
of strength too, Byun Hyuk?
What do you mean?
I'm someone who walked into
the prosecutor's office on my own.
You saw it too.
My spirit, courage, and passion.
I saw a bit of bluffing.
Hey now.
You can't talk of my sincere
passion for you like that.
Because of you and for you,
I've come this far.
What did he say?
Because of that girl?
Oh, your face is red again.
Red? Red? Who is red?
I'm not red. Oh, it's hot.
Hey, I'm hungry. Let's go eat.
Oh yeah? You're hungry?
Then we should go. Let's go eat now.
What are you doing?
You're coughing? You really have a cold?
Who is that girl?
She's already close to him,
a girl like Pyunggang.
It can't be.
A protest? What complete nonsense.
We just wanted to eat a meal.
How is that a protest?
They're just service
company contractors too.
Do they think they're
some high ranked people?
Let's not sit here.
Let's go up to eat lunch.
Joon?
No thanks.
I don't want to cause problems and
put people in difficult positions.
Goodness.
Let's just finish our job.
I just can't understand it.
We have the meal tickets and
we only want to use them to eat.
What is so complicated?
What can we do?
Big corporations like this don't
hire cleaners like us directly.
Why?
Because of things like
insurance, benefits, retirement.
There's so much
to take care of for employees.
That's why they use contract
services for convenience.
Then can they be hired by
Gangsu Group if they change their mind?
If the company changes
its mind, then yes.
There wouldn't be a need
for a service contractor.
Then we could eat
in the employee cafeteria too?
Of course, if that's the company
policy, we could eat there.
Eureka.
These are all the forms
of discrimination that we don't see.
Though we're so used to it that
we don't even feel it anymore.
You're right.
Let's just buy lots of kimbap.
Oh, I'm hungry.
- Come on.
- Get up.
They can hire them directly.
If only the company decides to...
Oh, Joon!
- Joon!
- What's wrong?
Joon.
- Oh no!
- Joon!
Joon!
No! Watch out!
Joon, what do we do?
Joon!
Are you okay, Joon?
- Joon.
- Joon!
Joon!
- Joon.
- Joon!
Are you all right?
Joon!
- Joon.
- Joon!
Say something!
[Resume]
[Gangsu Food New Menu
Sampling Event]
[Byun Hyuk]
I'm busy. Get to the point.
Jae Hoon, there's a problem.
What now? Did you cause a problem?
Joon passed out.
- Joon passed out!
- What?
- Over here.
- Okay.
She's okay, right?
Are you her guardian? Go register.
Register?
Where do I go to...
Over there.
Okay.
I was sent here from the ER.
Please fill this out.
Pardon me?
[Byun Hyuk]
The patient's name is Byun Hyuk?
What? No, that's my name.
No, you need to write the patient's name.
Oh, is that right?
Sorry, I didn't know.
[Baek Joon]
Aren't you her guardian?
You don't know her personal information?
The thing is, it's my first time
filling out this kind of form.
What?
- Jae Hoon.
- I'll do it.
Here you go.
Is she on any medication?
No.
- Any allergies?
- No.
What's her blood type?
Type O.
Do you want to do a CT?
- Use that to pay for everything.
- Okay.
Where's Joon?
In the ER.
Seeing that she has a fever,
it seems she has a slight cold.
She also has overexertion.
Overexertion?
There's nothing else particularly
wrong, so she can finish the IV
then pick up medication.
She must rest for things like this.
Yes, I understand. Thank you.
According to the cleaning manager...
the higher-ups ordered him to do it.
Was that person CEO Min
of the cleaning company?
I still don't understand it though.
Even so...
Why would CEO Min be so
harsh with me and Joon?
Is it possibly because of....
that brick incident?
Are you that slow?
Or are you just pretending?
Even if he disliked you and Joon,
he knows you're the chairman's son.
Would it make sense for CEO Min
to do that without anyone backing him?
Is the person backing CEO Min...
my older brother?
Do you think you can handle it?
Attempted murder?
Yes.
But, it was never, ever
my intent to call the police.
I didn't know that it was your brother,
the second son of Gangsu Group either.
The second son of Gangsu Group
working in a construction site.
Who could imagine that?
You two have an amusing
relationship of bad fate.
Yes.
So, I wanted to resolve
the misunderstanding...
No need to worry over
one measly service employee.
Well, thanks to your injured
forehead, we managed to meet.
Ah.
That's an honor.
No matter what you need done
from now on, please use me.
Hangang Services doesn't
only provide cleaning.
We are experts at cleaning up
any other pesky things.
For example?
Anything you don't wish
to dirty your hands with.
Something unclear or messy,
anything that's bothersome.
My goodness. It sounds like
you're talking about Hyuk.
It makes me feel awkward to hear it.
Whatever the case,
just give me your orders.
Please accept this drink.
Woo Sung.
Thanks.
This is an employee application.
There are open applications
coming up at the company for interns.
I'm just frustrated seeing you like this.
Why suffer instead of going down
an easier, more comfortable path?
What's an easy and comfortable path?
A career that you can
show off to others about?
Or a high salary?
Ask other people.
Ask them which of us is right.
Don't be delusional that you're right.
In the end, people live
according to their beliefs.
You continue to choose
to work hard labor jobs.
What are these beliefs of yours?
Get going.
I want to rest.
[Employee Application]
Hyuk.
What are you doing here alone?
Nothing really.
How about you? How are you feeling?
I'm all right.
I went to the ER for a cold.
How embarrassing.
It wasn't just a cold.
You had overexerted yourself too.
A cold and overexertion.
And you were down in the garbage
room working where the air was bad.
If you think about it...
it's all my fault.
Hey, why is that your fault?
It's CEO Min's fault
for abusing his power.
Anyway, that makes it my fault.
- Hyuk.
- So, I was thinking, Joon...
I think that...
I should quit.
What are you talking about?
You said we shouldn't quit.
You said so yourself.
You said that it would be shameful.
That it was giving in to injustice.
If I quit, you, Mister Kim,
Mister Lee, and Madam Ahn...
they will all be okay, so...
What about your promise to your father?
He'll assume I can only go that far.
I was always that kind of son.
It won't be anything new for him.
Okay.
Yeah, then quit.
Who can stop you if you
don't want to do it?
However...
don't use me, Mister Kim,
Mister Lee, or Madam Ahn as excuses.
Whether you continue
to work or not, that is your choice.
I don't want to hear
that you did it because of us.
Honestly... it's just an excuse.
Isn't that right?
I told you to get confident on your own.
Claiming your rights is part
of getting confident, Hyuk.
Claiming my rights?
Yes, your rights.
Someone is desperately
hoping that you will give up.
That's what I'm talking about.
For example?
Anything you don't wish
to dirty your hands with.
Something unclear or messy,
anything that's bothersome.
My goodness. It sounds like
you're talking about Hyuk.
It makes me feel awkward to hear it.
Hey... hey.
What's with you suddenly?
I'm just so ashamed.
I'm so ashamed in front of you.
Are you crying?
No need to cry over that.
It's okay, all right? It's okay.
Stop crying.
Gosh.
It's okay.
[Healthy porridge]
Ah, you startled me.
Thank you.
Oh! Hold on.
What? Excuse me!
Excuse me. Excuse me!
My bag.
What is it? What?
Who are you?
Bye, then.
What was that?
Oh, that scared me.
Did he move in next door?
Oh, how did he know where I lived?
Is he interested in me?
Oh... hello.
Do you want to eat this?
What?
You didn't have to buy me this.
Uh... excuse me.
What is this? I'm so popular.
What? You didn't quit?
Why would I quit?
I was a bit sick yesterday,
so I went to the hospital.
Stop being so tough.
That's enough now.
I'll pay you for the work you did so far.
Just quit already.
Sorry, but I can't do that.
I told you that you couldn't
leave work while on the job.
It wasn't leaving on the job.
I had to go to the hospital.
That's your own personal problem.
You should quit
if you're too sick to work.
Don't be a nuisance to everyone.
Manager, you're being too harsh.
You're the one who is too harsh.
What are you planning
by staying around like this?
If you faint while on the job
are you going to ask
for worker's compensation?
Ah.
Is that what you are after?
That man.
Whether you faint here or not
neither Gangsu Group nor
Hangang Services hold any responsibility.
Quit now if you understand that.
Manager, you're out of line.
What are you talking about?
Mister Kim, do you want to get fired too?
- Seriously?
- What nonsense.
- How ridiculous.
- Is he for real?
- He's the worst.
- For sure.
He has some nerve.
What's with you all?
All of you go to work now!
Seriously now.
Oh, look at the lot of you.
Do all of you want
to get fired? Is that it?
Manager, do you want to get fired?
- Huh?
- What... what?
- Mister Lee.
- Stay put!
If we don't work now and
just leave, what can you do about it?
They will say the cleaning job is a mess.
The company employees
will complain loudly.
If you don't empty trash for half a day,
the place is overflowing with it.
Can you re-sign
the contract, at that rate?
- That's right.
- No, you can't!
Of course.
Are you threatening me?
You're the one making
threats, Manager Jung.
- When did I do that?
- You just did!
Why you people...
Are going to take
an organized group action?
Should we? Should we, Manager Jung?
- Yes.
- Let's do it.
- Let's go for it!
- Come on.
Act like a manager if you're the manager.
You think you're all that if
you're manager?
What? An organized group action?
Yes, they've gone mad
because of that girl Baek Joon.
They all refuse to work.
They all suddenly got up and left.
What the heck is that?
Good morning, CEO Min.
- Seriously, this punk.
- What?
Excuse me? Me?
Are you talking to me?
Let's talk later.
What's with you?
I came to see you, CEO Min.
Your door happened to be open.
What's your business with me?
I just had one thing
I wanted you to know.
What?
You won't be able to renew your
contract with Gangsu Group.
What?
I'll stop you from
renewing that contract.
Gosh... what are going on about so
early in the morning, you punk?
Hey, you've been tossed out by your
family, so how will you stop it?
You're dressed in this cleaner's uniform.
You picked up money
from construction. What can you do?
Then who are trusting
to act so foolishly?
Your older brother
told me to stomp you out.
Satisfied?
Do you think you can handle it?
I'll have to handle it.
What can I do about it?
What?
He'll handle it.
Hyuk said that?
Yes.
There is a problem in the building
management, as well.
Byun Hyuk and someone else, Baek Joon,
have mobilized my company employees.
They are taking a group action.
The plan on protesting during
the sampling event tomorrow.
What should I do?
Should I take care
of it before it gets noisy?
No.
Excuse me?
Leave them alone.
What do you mean?
It seems like Hyuk
is determined for once.
Leave him and let's see what he does.
But, the CEO will be at
the sampling event tomorrow.
Not just the CEO,
but external parties too.
There will be reporters with cameras.
Will it be okay?
Hyuk says he will handle it.
Leave him alone to do what he wants.
The event will be ruined and
Hyuk will be taken care of.
Two birds with one stone, right?
Just pretend you didn't know.
Since Hyuk will cause the problem,
you won't get in trouble.
Where have you been
all this time? The event is tomorrow.
Will the event run smoothly?
I'm sorry.
I'm sure he'll do well.
He has great personnel record.
All of the projects he's
taken on have succeeded.
Also, he wouldn't mess up
the first event he takes on here.
Isn't that right?
I will do my best, Director.
You will have to.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
Hey.
You know how important this event is
to the Managing Director and team, right?
There had better not be any problems.
Come on. Hurry.
- Everyone's here.
- Come on.
Hurry. Gather around.
I'm going to go all the way this time.
[Eliminate Temporary Employment]
Here you go.
Thanks.
Let's go now.
All right.
Let's go.
Hold on.
You really don't have to do this.
Are cleaning employees not human?
Does it make sense that we
can't even get worker's compensation?
This happened because you fought
to get us cafeteria meal tickets.
We wouldn't be humans
if we ignored that.
Yes, of course.
It's time for their contract
renewal, so they can't ignore us.
If we don't speak up now,
they won't blink an eye.
Yes, that's right.
That's for certain.
Wait, wait.
I'm very grateful that you are all
feeling the heartache and anger with me.
Still, you don't have to do this.
It's okay if I get fired,
but what if you all get fired?
Joon, what happened to you...
it could happen to
any of us at any time.
This isn't because of you,
so don't feel that way.
Mister Kim.
I'll quit if they want to fire me.
I can find another job like this.
If you step on me,
I may not be able to wiggle a lot
but I will move about a bit if I can!
- Sounds good!
- Yes.
Let's go now!
We need to show them!
You're all right.
We need to show them.
Hyuk.
But, this method... it's so old.
As you all know,
I personally know the CEO.
A strike isn't the kind of thing
that will work on him.
Really? Then what will work?
A show.
- A show?
A show?
Yes.
A show.
What kind of show?
What kind of show would we do?
Wow!
I want this one.
- Pink would suit you.
- How about this?
That's sexy.
Joon, this gold one.
[Gangsu Food New Menu
Sampling Event]
Here you go.
Stop right now.
Stop what?
Whatever you're planning
for tomorrow's sampling event.
Wow, even you've heard about it already?
Do you know how important that
event is for the company?
If it's the company you're
worried about, there's no need.
I'm not going to ruin tomorrow's event.
No, you'll never succeed,
no matter what you do.
Hey, my friend.
Mon ami. My friend.
Are you worrying about me right now?
You don't have to worry if you are.
I am more sincere now than ever.
Hey, Byun Hyuk.
Are you okay?
Of course. Of course.
It's not too late even now.
You don't have to do it
if you don't want to.
You're going up against
your father and your brother.
Even if you stop now,
no one would say a thing.
That's why I have to do it.
Because they are my father and brother.
So, no one else can do this.
I have to do it, Joon.
Yes.
I have go up against my father
and my older brother.
I never dreamed of doing such a thing.
I never dared to imagine it.
This miracle of getting courage
I did not have before.
It is because of you.
Oh, hello.
- Hello.
- Thank you for coming.
- Please go in.
- Yes. Okay.
Thank you all for coming.
- Hello.
- Yes.
I think this will be good.
It has to be this time.
Our stock prices need to rebound.
- I'm so nervous.
- Me too.
I'm so nervous.
My heart's racing.
- Where's Hyuk?
- Oh, Hyuk.
Oh, you're here?
All right, now.
Should we do a cheer?
Okay. Sounds good.
- From practice...
- To doing it!
- From doing it...
- To practice!
Oh yeah!
Let's go.
Oh yeah! Yeah!
Here you go.
Should I try it?
Yes.
Please try this.
Hello.
Get a shot of that.
It looks very good.
Not the meat, but the rice...
This is what you wanted.
It looks good. Look at the plating.
Do you have a picture of that?
Of course, please enjoy.
Lots of people are here.
I think this tastes good.
There's an event here.
Oh, it's me.
He must not have known.
- Let's go!
- Good luck.
- Yes.
- Oh yeah!
Move.
Hello there!
Hello everyone.
We will be putting on show for you.
What is that? Huh?
What's this?
Did they invite performers?
I don't know.
I guess the strategic planning team
prepared something fun.
Oh my goodness.
That guy there. Isn't that Hyuk?
- Hyuk?
- Oh dear.
It is him.
Let's start.
One, two...
Wow, not bad.
Oh, so hot, so hot.
My heart is on fire because of you.
In front of love...
Hey, Section Chief Kwon.
What's going on?
Who the heck are those people?
I really don't know.
Hey, you're in charge,
so who else would know?
Stop them now!
The best drink in this world
is your sweet lips.
The red sun shining for you
I only love you.
I am burning hot.
Just look at me.
I am in you.
I like how sexy you are.
You're not shy at all.
I like how forward you are.
I'm so sorry, CEO Byun.
I'll stop them now. What are
you doing, Section Chief Kwon?
Hey, hey, hey. Just leave them, okay?
Oh, so hot, so hot.
My heart is on fire because of you.
In front of love, I am melting.
The way you smile
is worth a million.
It makes me faint.
The best drink in this world
is your sweet lips.
He's better than I imagined.
- Right, Sis?
- Yes, isn't he?
Woohoo. He's pretty good.
My goodness.
Who knew he had that kind of talent?
I like how sexy you are.
You're not shy at all.
I like how forward you are.
You are so honest.
I like that about you.
Oh, so hot, so hot.
My heart is on fire because of you.
Why you punk...
Come on.
Oh, so hot, so hot.
My heart is on fire because of you.
In front of love, I am melting.
- Yes.
- Good job.
Thank you. Thank you.
We are Gangsu Food's cleaners
who are in charge of the hygiene.
We are here performing a congratulatory
song for the new product.
Please give a big round of applause
to the performance from our cleaners.
- Thank you!
Father, I would've stopped him
if I had known in advance.
I didn't know Hyuk would do
something so foolish.
I'll make sure to discipline him.
Everyone, Gangsu Foods is
a company that makes food.
Hygiene is a basic thing
when it comes to food.
So, our cleaning employees are in the
building where you earn your livelihoods.
They are always doing their
very best for Gangsu Foods.
With that in mind...
Gangsu Group cherishes
our cleaning employees.
They are considerate of them.
Therefore, CEO Byun Gang Su...
has decided to not use external
contractors for cleaning services.
He will hire them directly.
He decided to make that
announcement on this very day.
What?
Is that true?
Hyuk didn't mention that.
That doesn't make sense.
Hyuk.
- What's going on?
- Hey.
What's going on, Byun Hyuk?
I've never heard that before.
Is that true? Is it?
- This never came up.
- He's not that kind of person.
A temporary employee
into a full-time employee?
All of those employees?
Is it true?
- Really?
- Hold on.
CEO Byun Gang Su.
I truly thank you for this
very meaningful decision.
He never mentioned that.
- It must be true.
- Really? Oh my.
CEO Byun Gang Su!
Thank you!
Give him a round of applause!
Woo!
That little punk.
- CEO!
- Is that true?
Please give us a comment.
Just one comment.
Did you know about this?
Hyuk, you little rascal.
Hyuk, why did you do that?
Why did you do it?
It was because of you.
Like paint that spreads
in a container of water...
very gradually and gracefully...
you changed my heart into your color.
I was changed into your color.
I could not return to colorlessness.
And like that...
you changed the color
of my heart into your color.
Hyuk.
Joon.
Subtitles by DramaFever